feat(serverless): functions add note to runtime migration (#1602)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-functions.mdx

## Where can I find some advanced code examples for functions?

Check out our [serverless-examples repository](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-examples) for real world projects.

## How to migrate runtimes?

> There a no constraints about changing a function runtime, you simply need to choose the runtime version you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no constraints when changing a function runtime, you simply need to choose the runtime version you want.
```

> Upgrading a runtime is highly recommended in case of deprecation, end of support or end of life runtime, see [functions runtimes lifecycle](/serverless/functions/reference-content/functions-lifecycle/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading a runtime is highly recommended in case of deprecation, and for runtimes that have reached end-of-support or end-of-life. See the [functions runtimes lifecycle documentation](/serverless/functions/reference-content/functions-lifecycle/) for more information.
```
